Test cases for Login feature of Swag Labs with URL- https://www.saucedemo.com/

S.No. | 	Test Cases
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Verify that the login screen contains elements such as Username, Password and Login button as mentioned in Requirements
2. Verify if the font, text color, and color coding of the Login page is as per the standard
3. Verify if a user will be able to login with a valid username and valid password
4. Verify if a user cannot login with a valid username and an invalid password and vice-versa
5. Verify the login page for both, when the field is blank and Login button is clicked
6. Verify if the data in password field is visible as asterisk/masked format
7. Verify that the login credentials, mainly password stores in a database in an encrypted format
8. Verify that tab functionality is working properly or not
9. Verify that Enter/Tab key works as a substitute for the Login button
10. Verify that all the fields such as Username, Password has a valid placeholder
11. Verify whether Username and password text boxes have a minimum and maximum length
12. Verify if Username and password feilds accept alphabets(lower and upper case), digits, special characters as per requirement
13. Verify the messages for invalid login
14. Verify that there is a limit on the total number of unsuccessful login attempts (No. of invalid attempts should be based on business     	requirements)
15. Verify whether the user is still logged in after a series of actions such as sign-in, close the browser, and reopen the application
16. Verify that the timeout of the login session (Session Timeout)
17. Verify that the logout link is redirected to login/home page
18. Verify that User is redirected to Home/appropriate page after successful login
19. Verify if the login page allows to log in simultaneously with different credentials in a different browser
20. Verify the time taken to log in with a valid username and password
21. Verify the login page and all its controls in different browsers
22. Verify the login page by pressing ‘Back button’ of the browser. It should not allow you to enter into the system once you log out.
23. Verify if a user should not be allowed to log in with different credentials from the same browser at the same time (or as per requirement)
24. Verify if a user should not be able to login with the same credentials in different browsers at the same time (or as per requirement)
25. Verify the Login page against SQL injection attack
26. Verify the implementation of SSL certificate
27. Verify accessibility of the login